Matthew 5:20 For I say unto you, That except your righteousness shall exceed the righteousness of the scribes and Pharisees, ye shall in no case enter into the kingdom of heaven.

Matthew 25:46 And these shall go away into everlasting punishment: but the righteous into life eternal.

Exodus 5:1 And afterward Moses and Aaron went in, and told Pharaoh, Thus saith the Lord God of Israel, Let my people go, that they may hold a feast unto me in the wilderness.

Exodus 15:24 And the people murmured against Moses, saying, What shall we drink?

Revelation 20:12 And I saw the dead, small and great, stand before God; and the books were opened: and another book was opened, which is the book of life: and the dead were judged out of those things which were written in the books, according to their works.

1-John 3:7 Little children, let no man deceive you: he that doeth righteousness is righteous, even as he is righteous.

Genesis 4:7 If thou doest well, shalt thou not be accepted? and if thou doest not well, sin lieth at the door. And unto thee shall be his desire, and thou shalt rule over him.

Mark 14:52 And he left the linen cloth, and fled from them naked.

Ezekiel 4:15 Then he said unto me, Lo, I have given thee cow’s dung for man’s dung, and thou shalt prepare thy bread therewith.

Genesis 3:12 And unto Adam he said, Because thou hast hearkened unto the voice of thy wife, and hast eaten of the tree, of which I commanded thee, saying, Thou shalt not eat of it: cursed is the ground for thy sake; in sorrow shalt thou eat of it all the days of thy life;

Romans 12:9-12 Let love be without dissimulation. Abhor that which is evil; cleave to that which is good. ^Be kindly affectioned one to another with brotherly clove; in honour preferring one another; ^Not slothful in business; fervent in spirit; serving the Lord; ^Rejoicing in hope; patient in tribulation; continuing instant in prayer;

Proverbs 12:24-25 The hand of the diligent shall bear rule: but the slothful shall be under tribute. ^Heaviness in the heart of man maketh it stoop: but a good word maketh it glad.